[Music]
now this sexy beast is the foul share
eight five eight phantom she's powered
by a single diesel or petrol option up
to 430 horsepower which gives a top
speed of up to 50 knots this model is
new to the show but the actual concept
is quite a proven hull
it used to have a four deck but what
Fraser found was that by taking out
before neck you get this lovely
walk-around console which is proving
increasingly popular
Frosch has developed a very stylish
console nice and comfortable to sit at
padded wheel throttle to hand and of
course this nice backrest seat which you
can bolster or have in the down position
and tucked away under the seats at each
end a pair of Bimini so you can have
full shade over the boat this is a very
sociable boat there's plenty of lounging
around seating there's also a fridge and
water proof speakers but it doesn't hang
about either because hidden away under
the stern it's an eight-point to 430
horsepower mercury petrol engine
although these elections are available
and it pushes this boat along and up to
50 knots
you